A more formal build process and the fixing of unix-like environment. (#39)
microsoft/ort-customops: README.md

# ONNX Runtime Custom Ops Library
This repository provides a library of add-on custom operators for [ONNX Runtime](http://onnxruntime.ai). The package can be installed to run with ONNX Runtime for operators not natively supported by ORT. Learn more about [custom ops in ORT](https://www.onnxruntime.ai/docs/how-to/add-custom-op.html). 

# Build and Development
This project supports Python and build it from source easily.
## Python package
- Install Visual Studio with C++ development tools on Windows, or gcc for Linux or xcode for MacOS, and cmake on the unix-like platform.
- Prepare Python env and install the pip packages in the requirements.txt
- `python setup.py bdist_wheel` and `pip install dist/onnxruntime_customops-*.whl` to install the package.

> - OR `python setup.py develop` which is more friendly for you development, and no installation is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OR just run `python setup.py develop` to link python to the build directory. This is more friendly for development since (re)installation is not needed with every build.
```
